adding steps to cover debian and tarball install (#10859)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _migrate-or-upgrade/rolling-upgrade/index.md

This document serves as a high-level, platform-agnostic overview of the rolling upgrade procedure. For specific examples of commands, scripts, and configuration files, refer to the [Rolling upgrade lab]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/migrate-or-upgrade/rolling-upgrade/rolling-upgrade-lab/).

## Preparing to upgrade

> Before making any changes to your OpenSearch cluster is it highly recommended to back up your configuration files and create a [snapshot]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/tuning-your-cluster/availability-and-recovery/snapshots/snapshot-restore/) of the cluster state and indexes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before making any changes to your OpenSearch cluster, is it highly recommended to back up your configuration files and create a [snapshot]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/tuning-your-cluster/availability-and-recovery/snapshots/snapshot-restore/) of the cluster state and indexes.
```

> **Important:** OpenSearch nodes **cannot be downgraded**. If you need to revert the upgrade, then you will need to perform a fresh installation of OpenSearch and restore the cluster from a snapshot. Take a snapshot and store it in a remote repository before beginning the upgrade procedure. Rolling upgrade is **only supported between major adjacent versions**, for example from OpenSearch 1.x to 2.x, but not 1.x to 3.x.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Important**: OpenSearch nodes **cannot be downgraded**. If you need to revert the upgrade, then you will need to perform a new installation of OpenSearch and restore the cluster from a snapshot. Take a snapshot and store it in a remote repository before beginning the upgrade procedure. Rolling upgrades are **only supported between major adjacent versions**, for example, from OpenSearch 1.x to 2.x but not 1.x to 3.x.
```

This document serves as a high-level, platform-agnostic overview of the rolling upgrade procedure. For specific examples of commands, scripts, and configuration files, refer to the [Rolling upgrade lab]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/migrate-or-upgrade/rolling-upgrade/rolling-upgrade-lab/).

## Preparing to upgrade

> Before making any changes to your OpenSearch cluster is it highly recommended to back up your configuration files and create a [snapshot]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/tuning-your-cluster/availability-and-recovery/snapshots/snapshot-restore/) of the cluster state and indexes.

Reviewer 2: Note that OpenSearch only allows rolling upgrades from major adjacent versions. For example, a rolling upgrade can be performed from OpenSearch 1.x to 2.x, but not from OpenSearch 1.x to 3.x.

   os-node-03  7.10.2   dimr       -
   ```
   `os-node-01` is no longer listed because the container has been stopped and deleted.
1. Upgrade the node.
     - If running in docker, deploy a new container running the desired version of OpenSearch, mapped to the same volume as the container you deleted.
     - If using [Debian]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/install-and-configure/install-opensearch/debian/) or [RPM]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/install-and-configure/install-opensearch/rpm/) packages, install OpenSearch using `rpm`, `yum` or `dpkg` and start the service. No further configuration is needed as locations and files are preserved.

>      - If using [Tarball]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/install-and-configure/install-opensearch/tar/), the following actions are required:

Reviewer 2: nit: "If using [Tarball]..." to "If upgrading using a [Tarball]..."

        - Copy previous `data` directory to the new `data` directory, **otherwise data will be lost**.
        - Copy previous `opensearch.yml` file to the new `config/opensearch.yml` file.
        - Copy previous `jvm.options` file to the new `config/jvm.options` file.

>         - Copy TLS certificates listed in `opensearch.yml` file to `./config/` directory.

Reviewer 2: The current tarball instructions can be clearer about the proper sequence. The way it's written now suggests copying files after extraction, but the correct approach is to backup the files first, then extract the new tarball, then restore the backed-up files.

   os-node-03  7.10.2   dimr       -
   ```
   `os-node-01` is no longer listed because the container has been stopped and deleted.
1. Upgrade the node.
     - If running in Docker, deploy a new container running the desired version of OpenSearch, mapped to the same volume as the container you deleted.
     - If upgrading using [Debian]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/install-and-configure/install-opensearch/debian/) or [RPM]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/install-and-configure/install-opensearch/rpm/) packages, install OpenSearch using `rpm`, `yum` or `dpkg` and start the service. No further configuration is needed as locations and files are preserved.
     - If upgrading using [Tarball]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/install-and-configure/install-opensearch/tar/), the following actions are required:

>         - Back up `jvm.options`, `opensearch.yml`, certificates and `data` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Back up `jvm.options`, `opensearch.yml`, certificates, and the `data` folder.
```

        - Extract the new Tarball.
        - Copy previous `data` directory to the new `data` directory, **otherwise data will be lost**.

>         - Copy previous `opensearch.yml` file to the new `config/opensearch.yml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Copy the previous `opensearch.yml` file to the new `config/opensearch.yml` file.
```

>         - Copy previous `jvm.options` file to the new `config/jvm.options` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Copy the previous `jvm.options` file to the new `config/jvm.options` file.
```

>         - Copy TLS certificates listed in `opensearch.yml` file to `./config/` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Copy the TLS certificates listed in the `opensearch.yml` file to the `./config/` directory.
```
